docs: update node types.md (#181)
nervosnetwork/docs.nervos.org: website/docs/basics/glossary.md

---

### Mining Node

> Mining nodes are participants in a blockchain network, responsible for creating and proposing new blocks by solving computational puzzles. They contribute to the network's security and consensus by actively validating and adding blocks to the blockchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mining nodes create new blocks by solving computational puzzles. They contribute to the network's security and consensus by actively validating and adding blocks to the blockchain.
```
